com/hh/coronalastupdate/BR.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.BR
com/hh/coronalastupdate/db/CoronaDataDatabase_Impl.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.db.CoronaDataDatabase_Impl
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.db.CoronaDataDatabase_Impl$1
com/hh/coronalastupdate/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/hh/coronalastupdate/databinding/ListItemsLayoutBinding.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.databinding.ListItemsLayoutBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/hh/coronalastupdate/db/GlobalDao_Impl.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.db.GlobalDao_Impl
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.db.GlobalDao_Impl$1
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.db.GlobalDao_Impl$2
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/hh/coronalastupdate/BuildConfig.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.BuildConfig
com/hh/coronalastupdate/databinding/ListFragmetLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.databinding.ListFragmetLayoutBindingImpl
com/hh/coronalastupdate/fragments/DetailFragmentArgs.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.fragments.DetailFragmentArgs
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.fragments.DetailFragmentArgs$1
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.fragments.DetailFragmentArgs$Builder
com/hh/coronalastupdate/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/hh/coronalastupdate/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/hh/coronalastupdate/databinding/FirstPageActivityBindingImpl.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.databinding.FirstPageActivityBindingImpl
com/hh/coronalastupdate/databinding/ListItemsLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.databinding.ListItemsLayoutBindingImpl
com/hh/coronalastupdate/db/CoronaInfoDao_Impl.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.db.CoronaInfoDao_Impl
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.db.CoronaInfoDao_Impl$1
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.db.CoronaInfoDao_Impl$2
com/hh/coronalastupdate/databinding/FragmentDetailLayoutBinding.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.databinding.FragmentDetailLayoutBinding
com/hh/coronalastupdate/databinding/ListFragmetLayoutBinding.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.databinding.ListFragmetLayoutBinding
com/hh/coronalastupdate/databinding/FragmentDetailLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.databinding.FragmentDetailLayoutBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/hh/coronalastupdate/databinding/FirstPageActivityBinding.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.databinding.FirstPageActivityBinding
com/hh/coronalastupdate/fragments/ListFragmentDirections.java
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.fragments.ListFragmentDirections
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.fragments.ListFragmentDirections$1
 com.hh.coronalastupdate.fragments.ListFragmentDirections$ActionListFragmentToDetailFragment
